DOCS-3311: Generic gateways (#2159)
MultiSafepay/docs: content/integration/ready-made/craftcommerce/_index.md

### Generic gateways

> The plugin supports generic gateways, which redirect customers from your checkout to a MultiSafepay [payment page](/payment-pages/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin supports generic gateways, which can be used to add a custom gift card for your shop, or to localize a payment method.
```

> The plugin supports generic gateways, which redirect customers from your checkout to a MultiSafepay [payment page](/payment-pages/). Using a generic gateway means you don't need to update your integration when we add new payment methods.

Reviewer: When new payment methods are added these come automatically in new plugin versions. So the customer doesn't have to do anything to add these. The benefit of generic gateways is really for a custom gift card for a merchant or co-branded credit cards.

3. From the **Gateway** list, select **Generic gateway**.
4. Set the relevant [payment method gateway IDs](https://docs-api.multisafepay.com/reference/gateway-ids) and the gateway label.

Generic gateways support:

> - All payment methods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
